apps wc: dynamic add map fixing (#1247)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: WIP-CHANGELOG.md

- Bumped backup-postgres image to use tag `1.2.0`, which includes newer versions of the postgresql client
- Fixed Test User RBAC
- Fixed the shifted comment after running init

> - Fluentd-plugins was changed from using "fluent-plugin-kubernetes_metadata_filter: 3.1.0" to "fluent-plugin-kubernetes_metadata_filter: 2.13.0" and "fluent-plugin-elasticsearch: 5.2.3" to "fluent-plugin-elasticsearch: 5.2.4"

Reviewer: Explain why this was necessary

Author: fixed! :+1:

> - Fluentd-plugins was changed from using "fluent-plugin-kubernetes_metadata_filter: 3.1.0" to "fluent-plugin-kubernetes_metadata_filter: 2.13.0". This change was done to fix issues regarding mapper_parsing_exceptions in our latest apps-version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed inevitable mapping conflicts in Opensearch by updating `elastisys/fluentd` to use image tag `v3.4.0-ck8s4`.
  In this image `fluent-plugin-kubernetes_metadata_filter` has been downgraded to version `2.13.0`, which still includes the de_dot functionality that was removed in the prior tag of the image.
```

> - Fluentd-plugins was changed from using "fluent-plugin-kubernetes_metadata_filter: 3.1.0" to "fluent-plugin-kubernetes_metadata_filter: 2.13.0" and "fluent-plugin-elasticsearch: 5.2.3" to "fluent-plugin-elasticsearch: 5.2.4". These two changes was done to fix issues regarding mapper_parsing_exceptions in our latest apps-version

Reviewer: But the changes in `fluent-plugin-elasticsearch` has nothing to with this as we are not using that plugin right? We are using `fluent-plugin-opensearch` if I'm not mistaken.
